c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.g.i.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.xaml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.xr.xml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.exe
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.pdb
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.exe
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.pdb
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.g.i.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.xaml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.g.i.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.xaml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.g.i.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.xaml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\FinalPage.xbf
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.g.cs
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.xaml
c:\users\inspiron\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\App.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\FinalPage.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.xr.xml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.exe
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.pdb
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\resources.pri
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\bin\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.build.appxrecipe
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.g.i.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.g.i.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.g.i.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.g.i.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.g.i.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.xaml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.xaml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.xaml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.xaml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.xaml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.xaml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\App.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\FinalPage.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv1.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv2.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv3.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\TimeAttack_Lv4.xbf
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.exe
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\Rotate-A-Pix.pdb
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
F:\backups\Rotate-A-Pix\Rotate-A-Pix\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
